README.md, before:

# Karmabot
Karmabot is a Slack [`Slash Command`](https://api.slack.com/slash-commands) (soon to be @bot) to divvy out "**Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ**" credits to users.

# About
**Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ** is currently database driven, and users are added manually to the database. As of 3/29/17, the only action commands /karmabot understands are commands to add, remove, and reset **Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ**. Karmabot has an array of responses while performing the command, and has a few "rare" responses that a bit funnier than the standard ones.

Standard **Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ** balance is denoted in quotes when displayed, with the Gemstone unicode icon like so:

"Let me check for you: @alex has a **Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ** balance of `💎1000`"

# Coming Soon
- I'd like to be able to add and remove users as well, directly from Karmabot. Since we're not adding team members yet, it's not a huge deal.
- I'd like to have a daily or weekly cap, whether it limits users giving, or users receiving. Like a max of me giving any combo of people 100 **Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ** in a day, or have a max of being able to receive 100.
- I'd like a lottery system, perhaps making use of Action Buttons.
- I'd like "admin only" options, like "reset", which would notify me (or an admin that's defined in the db)
- I'd like some better "human-like" logic.
- I need to not always run math, but maybe that's not realistic.

Commit message:

Add New User works!
I finally figured it out! Woohoo! Merging back to master because it's
friggin' awesome.

README.md, after:

# Karmabot
Karmabot is a Slack [`Slash Command`](https://api.slack.com/slash-commands) (soon to be @bot) to divvy out "**Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ**" credits to users.

# About
Karmabot has an array of responses while performing commands, ranging from adding and removing **Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ** from a user, to even adding a new user to the database. While performing **Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ** based tasks, such as resetting or adding **Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ** to a user's balance, there is a small chance of a "rare" or "legendary" response. Currently the response options are an array, and the array has a random item selected from it.

Standard **Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ** balance is denoted in quotes when displayed, with the Gemstone unicode icon like so:

>Let me check for you:
>@alex has a **Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ** balance of `💎1000`"

# Commands
>Note: `/karmabot` and `/karmabot,` both work currently.

`/karmabot -help` - Display some quick tips.
`/karmabot, give @alex +10 karma` - Add **Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ** to a user's balance.
`/karmabot, take -10 karma from @alex` - Subtract **Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ** from a user's balance.
`/karmabot @alex -sudo --reset` - Reset a user's **Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ** back to 0.
`/karmabot add new player @name "m/f"`. - Add users to the game! "m" or "f" is required for gender pronoun selection.
`/karmabot, how much karma does @alex have?` - If a **Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ** function isn't ran, it will run a **Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ** balance query instead.

# Coming Soon
- I'd like to have a daily or weekly cap, whether it limits users giving, or users receiving. Like a max of me giving any combo of people 100 **Ҝᴀʀᴍᴀ** in a day, or have a max of being able to receive 100.
- I'd like a lottery system, perhaps making use of Action Buttons.
- I'd like "admin only" options, like "reset", which would notify me (or an admin that's defined in the db)
- I'd like some better "human-like" logic.
- I need to not always run math, but maybe that's not realistic.
